Post-migration tool for de-duplicating `IPAddresses` (#3986)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guides/getting-started/ipam.md

![Assign IP address 3](../images/getting-started-nautobot-ui/35-assign-address-3.png)

## De-duplicating IPAddresses

+++ 2.0.0

> After upgrading to Nautobot v2.0 and its data migrations, you may end up with some duplicate `IP Addresses` across different `Namespaces`. Check out this [IP Address Merge tool](../ip-address-merge-tool.md) to collapse unnecessarily duplicated `IP Addresses`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After upgrading to Nautobot v2.0, in order to satisfy new uniqueness constraints, the data migrations may duplicate `IP Addresses` across different `Namespaces`. Check out this [IP Address Merge tool](../ip-address-merge-tool.md) to collapse unnecessarily duplicated `IP Addresses`.
```
